If An Tong becomes a manager
You'll never be able to lift your head in front of him
Brother Yu, Brother Xiaoyu
Are you even listening to me?
What did I say?
When are you going to talk to An Tong?
Get the divorce done
Divorce is complicated
It won't be solved for a while
that
Don't say anymore
I know what you're worried about
But the divorce
It's not good to delay it.
Good morning
I went downstairs to buy a pack of cigarettes
Ah!
Ah An Tong
Why are you always haunting me?
Xiaoxue
Think about what I said to you this afternoon.
We are in urgent need of talent in our department now.
Hurry up and find some talent for our department
Only in this way can they leave safely?
original
Brother Yu, they always need new people
Hello Mr. Wang